Minutes
Meeting Of Minutes: Lewis, Gavin, Dan, Geraint, Jiaming, Ben
------------------------------------------------------------
Date: 24 Mar '14
Start time: 2.15pm
End time: 2.30pm
Date and time of next meeting: 15 mar '14, 1.00pm.

Topics Discussed:
- Ben has returned!
- Ben has been given the othelloAnimation class by Dan.
- Gavin has finished all the AI parts of the implementation.
- Jiaming and Geraint 
- Dan has the animation working for connect 4. He just needs to adjust some parts.
- Callum has finished the timer class, some parts need to be changed.
- Lewis has decided that the file needs to be saved in CSV not XML. So he will begin again.

TODO by next meeting:
- Ben: Get the animation to work on its own.
- Dan: Change needed parts of the connect4Animation class.
- Geraint & Jiaming: Start AI.
- Gavin: Start changes to the GUI.
- Lewis: Begin the save mamnager again.
- Callum: Make changes to the timer class.